Windows structure
-----------------

   This library implements a Windows structure in the spirit of the
   Windows structure specified in the Standard ML Basis Library [1].


Info
----

   License:         MLton license (a BSD-style license)
   Portability:     Windows specific, some MLton extensions may be used
   Stability:       experimental
   Maintainer:      Vesa Karvonen <vesa.a.j.k@gmail.com>


About Library Organization
--------------------------

   public/

      This directory contains the documented signature definitions (*.sig)
      and listings of all top-level bindings exported by this library
      (export*.sml).  The contents of this directory should be sufficient
      to understand how to use the functionality provided by this library.

   libwin-$(TARGET_ARCH)-$(TARGET_OS).*

      This statically linked library needs to be linked to your
      application in order to use the Windows structure.

   Makefile

      This is for building the statically linked library and NLFFI
      bindings that are part of this library.  Run

         make

      in the directory of the Makefile for further instructions.

   lib.mlb

      This build file defines the Windows library.  See the file for
      further instructions.

   detail/

      This directory contains the implementation details of the library.


About Motivation and Scope
--------------------------

   The main motivation for this library is the need to access certain
   Windows specific functionality.  Eventually this library should include
   all of the functionality specified in the Standard ML Basis Library [1]
   as well any additional functionality that is needed.  If you need to
   access some specific functionality that isn't provided, please send a
   request, preferably with a patch, to the MLton developers or users
   list.


References
----------

  [1] The Standard ML Basis Library.
      Emden R. Gansner and John H. Reppy.
      Cambridge University Press, 2004.
      ISBN 0521794781.
