Simple DirectMedia Layer (SDL) Binding
--------------------------------------

   This library is a binding of SDL to SML.  SDL is a cross-platform
   multimedia library designed to provide low level access to audio,
   keyboard, mouse, joystick, 3D hardware via OpenGL, and 2D video
   framebuffer.  See the SDL site

      http://www.libsdl.org/

   for further information.  SDL::ML, available from

      http://www.hardcoreprocessing.com/Freeware/SDLML.html

   is another binding of SDL to SML.

   This library is a fairly thin wrapper on top of SDL, but makes use of
   the features of SML (and MLton) to create a somewhat higher-level
   programming interface.  For example, errors result in exceptions being
   raised and it is not required to (although it can improve performance
   and reliability) explicitly free SDL resources such as surfaces.


Info
----

   License:         MLton license (a BSD-style license)
   Portability:     requires ML-NLFFI and finalizers
   Ported to:       MLton
   Stability:       experimental
   Maintainer:      Vesa Karvonen <vesa.a.j.k@gmail.com>


About Library Organization
--------------------------

   public/

      This directory contains the documented signature definitions (*.sig)
      and listings of all top-level bindings exported by this library
      (export.sml).  The contents of this directory should ideally provide
      sufficient documentation to use the library.

   lib.mlb

      These build files define the framework.  These files are generated
      using the Make.sh script.

   libsdl-${arch}-${os}.a

      Library file with additional C utilities used by the SDL bindings.
      You need to link this with your application.

   detail/

      This directory contains the implementation details of the library.


Contributions
-------------

   The signatures and structures defined by this library are not meant to
   be cast in stone!  We welcome contributions including new
   functionality, bug fixes, and ports to new compilers.  The recommended
   submit method for small contributions to this library is to send a
   message with a brief description of the proposed contribution as well
   as a patch containing full code and documentation (signature comments)
   to either the MLton-user list

      mlton-user@mlton.org

   or the MLton list

      mlton@mlton.org .

   For larger extensions or changes we recommend that you first contact
   the active maintainer(s) of this library.  The preferred contact method
   is through the above mailing lists.
